victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Hadoop	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	HBase	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Scrum	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Java	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Ruby on Rails	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	APIs	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	JavaScript	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	System Architecture	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Open Source	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Hive	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Apache Pig	
victor.m.hong@gmail.com	LI-skill	Node.js	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Entrepreneurship	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Big Data	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Analytics	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Python	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Machine Learning	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	MapReduce	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Hadoop	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	R	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Product Marketing	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Venture Capital	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Private Equity	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Management Consulting	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Perl	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Business Strategy	
akibalogh@gmail.com	LI-skill	Start-ups	
akibalogh@gmail.com	Klout	Big Data	
akibalogh@gmail.com	Klout	Analytics	
akibalogh@gmail.com	Klout	Agile Development	
akibalogh@gmail.com	Klout	Science & Technology	
akibalogh@gmail.com	Klout	Social Media Measurement	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Ruby on Rails	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Ruby	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	C	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Javascript	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Linux	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Data Visualization	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	NoSQL	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Redis	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	MongoDB	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	D3	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	CoffeeScript	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Data Mining	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Neo4j	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Shell Scripting	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	PHP	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Data Modeling	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Graph Databases	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	SVM	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	DevOps	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	Bash	
pablo@littleq.net	LI-skill	JavaScript	
pablo@littleq.net	Klout	Cloud Computing	
pablo@littleq.net	Klout	Ruby	
pablo@littleq.net	Klout	Technology	
pablo@littleq.net	Klout	Boston	
pablo@littleq.net	Klout	Business	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tq	time-series	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tq	data-mining	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tq	websocket	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tq	rackup	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tq	faye	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	ruby-on-rails	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	ruby	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	git	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	ruby-on-rails-3	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	mongodb	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	faye	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	linux	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	github	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	grit	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	branch	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	c	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	websocket	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	jquery	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	optimization	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rackup	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rails-flash	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rake	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rake-task	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	raw-sockets	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	redis	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	refactoring	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	regex	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	request	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rsync	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	rvm	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	string	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	sync	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	synchronization	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	time-series	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	ubuntu-11.10	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	web	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	polymorphism	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	jquery-ajax	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	json	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	cakephp	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	coffeescript	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	commit	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	controller	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	database	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	database-design	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	data-mining	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	data-retrieval	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	design-patterns	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	activeresource	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	ajax	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	aliasing	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	arp	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	associations	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	attributes	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	bash	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	bash-alias	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	bayeux	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	haml	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	handler	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	irb	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	javascript	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	jedis	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	jekyll	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	git-log	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	git-remote	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	logging	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	mobile	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	model	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	mongodb-query	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	mongomapper	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	mongoose	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	naming-conventions	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	neo4j	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_tt	node.js	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	ruby	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	git	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	ruby-on-rails	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	ruby-on-rails-3	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	linux	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	mongodb	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	optimization	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	c	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	branch	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	github	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rake-task	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rake	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	git-remote	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	string	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	regex	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	commit	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	coffeescript	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	irb	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	grit	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	ubuntu-11.10	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rvm	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	synchronization	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	sync	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rsync	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	jekyll	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	websocket	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rackup	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	design-patterns	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	mongomapper	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	faye	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	haml	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	mongodb-query	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	rails-flash	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	mongoose	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	bash	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	aliasing	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	bash-alias	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	model	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	database	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	naming-conventions	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	logging	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	git-log	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	controller	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	refactoring	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	database-design	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	associations	
pablo@littleq.net	SO_ta	polymorphism	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Unix	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Linux	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Distributed Systems	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	SQL	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	JavaScript	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Cloud Computing	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Python	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	MySQL	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Software Development	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Scrum	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Java	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Scala	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	PostgreSQL	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Datalog	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Data Mining	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Machine Learning	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	C/C++ STL	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	High Availability Clustering	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Databases	
James.Percent@gmail.com	LI-skill	Web Development	
